1	 What information do you need from this system that you do not have now?	NULL
2	 We need a system that can simulate the autonomous race car and calculate different simulation scenarios. Right now we do not have any such existing system, however we know that these exist from other Formula Student teams. Maybe there are even open source systems. Primarly, this tool should be concepted for the Driverless team, but maybe should be able to be adapted in the future to include simulations for the mechanical and electrical simulations for things like aerodynamics, suspension force and so on calculations.	F
3	 How would you like to see this information? What should be the output?	NULL
4	 It would be nice to have this as a desktop software program that generates the simulations (maybe using matlab simulink or other simulation programs) and then displays the simulations and calculated outputs.	F
5	 What should our version do that others cannot?	NULL
6	 I don't know any other versions.	NULL
7	 What Operating Systems should be supported?	NULL
8	 Of the car? Sorry, this is unclear to me	NULL
9	 What are the must have requirements?	NULL
10	 The tool should provide different simulation scenarios of which the user can pick which one to run.	F
11	 How accurate does the system need to be?	NULL
12	 Very accurate as this needs to be valid for real-time systems.	A
13	 In what shape or form do we receive tracks?	NULL
14	 Please ask Mapping team (Nicolas Borla or Jonas Langenegger).	NULL
15	 What kind of sensors do you use?	NULL
16	 GPS, IMU, Wheel Encoders, Actuators for steering, drives and brakes, camera, lidar	A
17	 How do they work?	NULL
18	 How detailed does this question need to be answered?	NULL
19	 In what form do we have access to the pathfinding/decision making algorithm?	NULL
20	 Please ask jonas Langenegger	NULL
21	 Where is it located?	NULL
22	 Please ask jonas Langenegger	NULL
23	 Is it finished?	NULL
24	 Probably not	NULL
25	 In what circumstances is the System used?	NULL
26	 To test the driverless environment before competitions	A
27	 During Development?	A
28	 Yes	A
29	 Before a race?	A
30	 Yes	A
31	 Who uses the System?	NULL
32	 The driverless team, who develop algorithms and sensor data for the car. Maybe specifically people in control over the controls / actuators, and driverless calculation algorithms	A
33	 What level of expertise do they have?	NULL
34	 They should be experts on the systems that they develop.	NULL
35	 What are your team specific priorities for the system?	NULL
36	 What constraints do we have?	NULL
37	 Monetary constraints (zero budget for this) and time constraint (first real prototype should be ready at the End of june).	A
38	 Are there technical constraints to developing this system?	NULL
39	 Monetary costs, need to approve a budget in case one is needed	A
40	 Are there resource constraints in maintaining the system?	NULL
41	 Monetary costs and time costs, space constraints are unclear should be none.	A
42	 Are there any security concerns? (sensitive data, things that must be kept secret)	NULL
43	 I believe not?	NULL
44	 Is there data that should be kept save in case of a system crash?	NULL
45	 Yes, it might be smart to save the simulated data and have backups. If the system crashes during a simulation, the current simulation data might not have to be saved	F
46	 Do we need a History of tested simulations and their results?	F
47	 Yes please	F
48	 When do you need a prototype?	NULL
49	 Final prototype in June 2021. Maybe some smaller prototypes or showing of advancement before that would be great.	A
50	 Who should we talk to in addition to you?	NULL
51	 The team.	NULL
52	 Very Specific Questions, some might not be of your concern.	NULL
53	 Should there be a function to report bugs and crashes?	F
54	 Yes	F
55	 What languages need to be supported?	A
56	 English	A
57	 Is only English okay?	A
58	 Yes	A
59	 Should there be the possibility to add additional languages?	NULL
60	 No	NULL
61	 Should the System check for rule conformity?	F
62	 Would be a nice to have	F
63	 What should be checked?	NULL
64	 If the input is even in a valid range. For example no velocity > 300 km/h and so on.	F
65	 Should the system check for optimisation?	F
66	 Yes!	F
67	 Should there be different modes?	NULL
68	 Yes, there should be simulations for the different missions which correspond to the race competitions	F
69	 What modes?	NULL
70	 Acceleration, Skidpad, Autocross, Trackdrive, EBS test, Inspection, Manual driving.	F
71	 What are ideas that you have? No matter how crazy	NULL
72	 Maybe accounts for the tools, so that one person can save their simulations and share with other users, or teams and can check the history of their simulated data.	F